# A Collective Understanding of happiness
Repository containing all the relevant code and data used in my Final Year Project.
### Abstract
Due to its crucial role in driving our motives and decisions, and its inherent subjectivity, happiness has been subject to fierce, and consistent philosophical debate for millennia. As a direct consequence of this subjectivity, the topic has seldom been approached from the lens of engineering. However, with the rise of Big Data and Natural Language Processing (NLP), the inventory of tools available that allow for us to approach such a problem from an engineering standpoint is becoming ever-increasing. This project aims to implement a recommender system that will serve as the backbone for a user-interface that seeks to optimise individual experienced happiness, as well as providing a means for furthering our collective understanding of this all-important notion. A dual recommender system, based on a Deep Advantage Actor-Critic Reinforcement Learning framework, is designed, and implemented, which presents to a user an activity to complete, and an excerpt from a philosophical text to contemplate. According to feedback given by the user on the effect of these recommendations, the parameters of the model are updated in order to optimise the user's happiness. The designed model allows for salient qualitative inferences to be drawn by observing network parameters, as well as demonstrating promising results in a semi-simulated environment, outperforming other baseline models. This project serves as a proof-of-concept for the use of data, and Artificial Intelligence to aid our collective understanding of happiness.

